Tileset Tools for Inkscape
==========================

TTI makes it simple to extract tilesets from screenshots and stitch them
together in the comfort of Inkscape.

Requirements
------------

TTI is built against:

* Inkscape 0.48
* PIL 1.1.7 (packaged with TTI because Inkscape is weird)


Design Goals
------------

I wrote TTI to aid in my own largely simplistic needs (sprites contained in each
tile, no transparency, etc.), however, there are several tools I can think of
beyond simple tile extraction and pixel vectorization. These include:

* extracting sprites from known tiles using differencing and masking
* packing tilesets
* offering useful feedback about improvements that could be made at each step


Recommended Environment
-----------------------

There's now an extension that will resize the page to x columns wide and
twice that high (just as a guesstimate for the space needed, the height doesn't
affect any of the other extensions) and add a properly size grid.

Using a grid with 1 pixel spacing and major grid lines every tile size units.
This grid allows you to copy/paste exactly in the grid both when working with
tiles and pixels within each tile.

I also recommend setting the width of the page to a multiple of your tile size,
this firstly helps the script but also makes organizing the tiles significantly
easier.

Using TTI
---------

Now for the good stuff: Using the tools.

Screenshots must be placed on a layer titled "Source Layer". For best results:

* Crop any user interfacing (or just be aware that you're going to be manually
filtering junk tiles).
* Ensure the screenshot is cropped to a multiple of the tile size.
The extractor will silently ignore any images that aren't perfect multiples,
hopefully this will change in future versions (I imagine painting something
over the screenshot).
* The extractor (currently) has no concept of tiles it's already extracted so
it's more effecient to extract from many screenshots at once so you're not
manually removing duplicate tiles.
